= Fusion Table Searchable Map Template
You want to put your data on a searchable, filterable map. This is a free, open source tool to help you do it.

More info: http://derekeder.com/searchable_map_template/
Demo: http://derekeder.com/searchable_map_template/demo/index.html

== Features

* clean, full screen layout
* address search (with variable radius)
* geolocation (find me!)
* results count (using Google's visualization API)
* ability to easily add additional search filters (checkboxes, sliders, etc)
* all done with HTML, CSS and Javascript - no server side code required
  
== Dependencies

* Google Fusion Tables
* Google Maps API V3
* jQuery

== Setup

Follow the steps below and you'll be in business with your own map

* Create a Fusion Table (here's a great tutorial: http://support.google.com/fusiontables/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=184641)
* Make sure at least one column is set to a type of Location and that FT has geocoded it
* Set the Fusion Table to be publicly visible (via the Share button in the upper right) 
* In source/maps_lib.js, set your 
  * fusionTableId to the ID of your Fusion Table (there's one at the bottom of index.html too)
  * locationColumn to the name of your location column in your Fusion Table
  * map_centroid to the lat/long you want your map to center on
  * locationScope to the area you want to limit searches to (set to 'Chicago' by default)
  * recordName and recordNamePlural to the name of the items in your Fusion Table
* *Optional* Add/modify additional search filters to the doSearch() function (maps_lib.js line 59). This will depend on the data you are trying to map. I put in one example of filtering by a type column. You can see additional examples of these by viewing the source on any of these:
  * http://chicagobuildings.org
  * http://derekeder.com/maps/chicago-bike-crash-reports/index.html
  * http://derekeder.com/maps/chicago-tif/index.html
* Upload this map and all the supporting files (source and styles folders) to your site 


== Resources

Fusion Tables 
* http://www.google.com/fusiontables/Home

Community
* Fusion Tables Issue Tracker - http://code.google.com/p/fusion-tables/issues/list
* Fusion Tables Google Group - http://groups.google.com/group/fusion-tables-users-group

Reference Guides
* Google Maps API - http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/javascript/overlays.html#FusionTables
* Fusion Tables API Developer Guide - http://code.google.com/apis/fusiontables/docs/developers_guide.html
* Fusion Tables API Reference Guide - http://code.google.com/apis/fusiontables/docs/developers_reference.html


== More detail needed?

Contact me via email! Derek Eder mailto:derek.eder@gmail.com


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: https://github.com/derekeder/FusionTable-Map-Template/issues


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Derek Eder. Released under the MIT License.

See LICENSE for details https://github.com/derekeder/FusionTable-Map-Template/wiki/License